---
layout: post
title:  "Life TBD"
date:   2021-03-03 23:04:45 -0400
---

# Thoughts on undergrad, and life, and flying into the sky, and beyond

Writing has never been a habit of mine. I'm one of those greedy audiences that aggresively
feed off others' great works without giving anything back. Writing for me, is more of a necessity.
When the neurons in my brain start to fire like a drunk driver on his eleventh shot of vodka
on a Friday afternoon, writing all of my random thoughts down is like the Tesla autopilot kicking
in and taking the nearest exit to get off the highway. 

Months has passed, and it still feels sureal that, my undergrad just ended, like a mist of water
sprayed into the air and faded out of existence, quietly without a bang. Not that I was surprised,
because of the reality that we lived in. It's still funny that, exactly an year ago, when I was still
interning at a company, their worst case projection of the pandemic, and also the least likely one,
was that everything would be over and be back to normal by December 2020. Little did we know that we
were only getting started.

I hate clichés. Everytime when I figure out the ending before I finish the first chapter of a book, I
wish I can just throw up on demand. The laziness of not even trying to do something original is
essentially a form of theft. It's pretending to be something novel while stealing time away from my life,
where I have to endure practically the same experince on repeat. There only difference between a cliché
and a GIF is that at least GIF is honest about it. 

Well, I'm about to do something cliché. Therefore, to not to put myself in a moral self contradiction,
I have to make the confession upfront. 

I am about to do almost every single 20-something-year-old who is fresh straight out of school would do. 

I'm about to have a (not even) quater-life retrospective reflection of undergrad, and on my life so far.
I'm going to pretend to be a grown up telling the people who are younger than me what they should be
doing with their lives.

Just give me a second, I need to go throw up, for real this time. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ok I'm back. Thank you for still being with me. 

Here we go.

... 
...
...

I should have bought Bitcoins when I started uni damn it.

Ok fine, serious mode now.

...
...
...


